And for all I know they may be dancing in the palace still.
And the kingdom rejoiced at the end of the tyrant's reign.
Despite his terrible crime, the king agreed to spare his life.
Her courage had made her rich.
She escaped that awful place and fled home.
She never let her treasure out of her sight again.
So he told her he was the prince and they lived happily ever after.
So she revealed her true identity and they were married.
So the cook prepared it for the feast and it was delicious.
So the king relented and the two were married.
So the queen gave them the prize as she had promised.
So the rightful ruler was placed on the throne once more.
So they escaped their captors and fled home.
So they returned what was stolen to its original owner.
The king fulfilled his side of the bargain and everyone was happy.
The prince's madness was cured.
Which meant they would become king and queen in the course of time.
And his mother was delighted with such an unusual gift.
And she kept her father's advice in mind from that day onwards.
And so the old woman's prophecy had been fulfilled.
And the parents were reunited with their long-lost child.
And they remained blind for the rest of their days for their wickedness and falsehood.
And when they died they passed it on to their children.
He lived the rest of his life as a beggar … which was perfectly just.
He saw the error of his ways and lived a good life from that day forward.
His wound was healed but his heart remained broken forever.
It just shows that stepmothers aren't always what they seem.
So he forgave her and they were married.
So he realized how loyal his sister had been.
So the village was restored to prosperity.
So they changed places and everything was back to normal.
So they promised never to fight again.
Which proves that a heart that is brave and true will always triumph in the end.
Which proves you should always be careful when choosing your companions.
And as long as she lived it could never be removed.
And so the witch perished in her own cauldron.
Beaten, the foul creature was driven out of the kingdom.
But no matter how hard they searched they were never able to find it again.
Every day he saw the result of his disobedience, and wept.
He was freed from his enchantment and the next day they wept.
So it was transformed back into human form.
So she knew that her visitor had been a monster all along.
So the evil-doers were thrown down a well.
So the spell was broken and they were free.
The curse was lifted as had been foretold.
The flames rose higher and the wicked place was destroyed.
The monster was destroyed and the city was safe once more.
They were buried in the same grave, and the kingdom mourned them.
True love had broken the enchantment.
Which is how the kingdom got such an unusual name.
With the enemy dead they could get married at last.
His broken heart was mended.
The enchanted item saved them all.
The mirror cracked and all her evil was undone.
The monster was shown to have a kind heart after all.
And that is how they escaped their imprisonment.
The disobedient sister was punished at long last.
The wondrous beast went back to its forest home and they never saw it again.
The potion finally restored his memory.
And the hideous beast was transformed into a handsome prince.
And the whole city rejoiced because of that kiss.
So they were married at last and all the kingdom rejoiced.
But he kept it a secret, as he had promised.
But he scorned the princess and asked the poor servant to marry him.
But they never again took any advice from a fairy.
Despite his hideous form, she grew to love him.
Which is how a simple maid came to be queen of this land.
She wore the same jewel on the day they were married.
This strange creature saved him from a watery grave.
They proved themselves to the captain, who took them back home.
She had lost everything in the storm except her true friend.
Even though the ship was lost, he had made his fortune.
With the disease cured, the island became rich once again.
He sat on the beach and thought of the treasure he had lost.
Then she realized her love had returned from that foreign land, as he had promised.
Which is how she came to be queen of that barbaric island.
They dug up the chest, but the treasure was long gone.
They clung tightly and it carried them all the way home.
The terrible sea monster destroyed the boat, and all but one of the sailors was drowned.
But she chose to stay with the pirates.
And they swam back together to her kingdom beneath the sea.
With its treasure returned, the monster was never seen again.
The king ordered the island to be removed from all maps so no-one could ever go there again.
So he became the most feared pirate in history.
So she became the richest merchant in all the world.
Because of her skill with a lance, women were allowed to become knights from then on.
His lady love touched the relic to his lips and he was healed.
He won back his weapons and armor through his skill and cunning.
Because of her holiness, the terrible war was finally ended.
He continued to wear her symbol on his shield from that day onward.
Because of his recklessness, his betrayal was revealed.
Although she was unarmed, she defeated that mighty opponent and won back her manor.
And so the squire overcame his cowardice and saved the day.
The herald said it was the strangest joust ever seen in that land.
Her quest was completed and her castle was repaired at last.
Because the vow had been broken, the battle was lost.
He proved his love for her by winning the joust.
Her courage drove the bandits away and saved the man she loved.
The queen banished the wizard and had the tomb restored to its former glory.
The search revealed the stolen love token in his pavilion, and he was punished.
The priest's clever solution resolved the border dispute, and so their anger faded.
They finally overcame the castle's defenses, and so the long siege ended.